h1. rah_plugin_installer

p. Install and update rah-plugins directly from your "Textpattern":http://www.textpattern.com installation. Click and install, ready to go.

h2. List of features

* Simple install: just run the automatic plugin install. No need to upload any files nor set permissions.
* Download and install rah-family plugin directly from your Textpattern backend.
* Server side caching of the update list.
* Admin panel under Textpattern > Extensions > _Plugin Installer_.

h2. Requirements

Rah_plugin_installer's minimum requirement:

* Textpattern 4.4.1 or newer.
* PHP 4.3.0 or newer.
** "cURL":http://php.net/manual/en/book.curl.php library or "allow_url_fopen":http://php.net/manual/en/filesystem.configuration.php set true
** Internet connection for communications with the server
* Optional: Zlib library.

h2. Installation and usage

p. The general behavior stands: paste plugin code to the plugin installer textarea and run the automatic setup. Then just activate the plugin and you are ready to use the functionalities.

p. You can download and install rah-plugins from Textpattern > Extensions > Plugin Installer.

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.4 - 2011/07/19

* Fixed small bug that appeared with the action links.

h3. Version 0.3 - 2011/07/19

* Compatibility with Textpattern v4.4.1.
* Added: Support for cURL library and prefers it if installed. If not installed, uses regular file functions as fallback.
* Added: Localization and language string support. TextPacks can be used to translate the admin interface.
* Added: Build in uninstaller.
* Changed: Moved the preference strings to Textpattern's core txp_prefs table.
* Changed: HTML5 ready markup, added @<tbody>@ and @<thead>@ elements to the HTML table and removed inline styles.
* Improved: New update file format. The syntax is similar to Textpattern's language files.
* Improved: Additional validation when downloading update files.
* Improved: Now update files are parsed and inserted to database as individual rows instead of cached and parsed on every page request. Allows future expansions.
* Now requires Textpattern v4.4.1 or newer.

h3. Version 0.2 - 2010/06/01

* Added more validity and error checks.
* Added timeout support for update downloads. 3 seconds for update checks and 10 seconds for actual files.
* Added option to turn automatic-updates off.
* Cleaned the admin panel.
* Fixed manual update check.
* Fixed conflicts with other extension that included @txp_plugin.php@.

h3. Version 0.1 - 2008/08/31

* Initial release.